What the hell is this Shen family's son-in-law?
I don't know what my father thinks.
Tell Truong Huc Dong early.
General Manager Jiang deliberately caused trouble for Zhang Xudong.
You think.
So Tham Huyen Huyen actually had a marriage contract with the Trieu family.
But now after the Trieu family knew about the training room
Don't send him to his death.
Not ashamed to be my father.
Cruel enough but Giang lacks
Beware.
We still leave one hand behind.
So what should we do?
Not easy.
Let's find a killer.
Hey, can you hold it?
Do something for me.
Is Mary waiting for me?
Young Master Trieu, who told you to call me that?
I don't know you.
Mary, our marriage was decided a long time ago.
And I heard
Do me a favor later.
I say what, you promise.
Get your hands off me!
Young Master Trieu, please respect my boyfriend a little.